#summary Describes how to compile WOWMV on OSX.

= Introduction =

This page describes how to compile WOWMV on your Mac. It is assumed that you have the [http://developer.apple.com/tools/ Apple Development Tools] already installed.

Furthermore, you will need to install some libraries like wxWidgets and Glew, which is easily done via [http://www.finkproject.org/ Fink]. You might need to enable the [http://www.finkproject.org/faq/usage-fink.php#unstable unstable tree] before installing any packages.

Last but not least, the project will be generated through [http://www.cmake.org/cmake/resources/software.html CMake], a meta build system that allows to create build files independent of the platform.

With these tools ready, let's install the necessary libraries first.

= Before we can start =

First of all, [http://code.google.com/p/wowmodelviewer/source/checkout check out the source code here].

Open up your Terminal application and install wxWidgets, Glew, as well as the PNG and JPEG libraries. You can identify the exact string (in this example for PNG) by typing

{{{
$ fink apropos png
}}}

and then installing the library. Currently, you should be good to with

{{{
$ sudo su
$ fink install libpng3-shlibs
$ fink install libjpeg-shlibs
$ fink install wxmac28-shlibs
$ fink install glew-shlibs
}}}

After you're done, open the CMake application. Set the *Source* code directory to "src" in your checkout directory, and the *Build* directory to "build". Then proceed with *Configure*. If all fields contain a valid directory for libraries and headers, *Configure* again and then click *Generate*.

You should now have an XCode project in your *Build* directory.

= Building the application =

What is left to do is to simply build the *wowmodelviewer* target. After that, your *Build* directory should contain Debug/Release/... with an app inside.

Cheers!